# JudeAdams
Thanksgiving is usually a happy time, but ad executive Jack (Adam Sandler) dreads the holiday because his twin sister, Jill (also Sandler), makes her annual visit. When Jack and his sister get off on the wrong foot, the only way to make it right is to invite her to stay through Hanukkah. But, when actor Al Pacino (Al Pacino), whom Jack desperately needs to star in a commercial, takes a shine to Jill, Jack may be forced to extend his sister's visit even longer.

# SyAbleman
Last night, I got the impedous to rewatch the Coen masterwork, A Serious Man. I will continue to say without any flinching that this is the greatest film that the 21st century has so far produced. It's an odd and offbeat pick for sure, certaintly for a movie that few critics and movie analysts even consider the Coens' best.

But I've always found that, no matter how many ways I slice it or dissect it, I just can't find a fault in this goddamn movie. I've never seen a piece of work that so tightly and cohesively demonstrates and relays perhaps the most troublesome question in human history: "If there is a god, why would he allow such terrible wrath on good people?"

It's centered around Larry Gopnik, a hapless, unoffending figure that finds himself in a world of pain for no apparent reason. Larry's descent is brilliantly portrayed by Michael Stuhlbarg, a performance with the all nuance of a struggling human being. Larry, a man of mathematics, physics, and reason; a man who believes in a logical path of cause and effect in the universe; a good man, is apparently not a serious one.

Indeed, it's easy to dismiss the entire work as a simple representation of the relativism of life (the swimming pool scene with Arthur is the best evidence of this). Even still, a more curious viewer may write it off as a typical Coen attitude of semi-nihilism, and perhaps a parody of fervent religious belief. Despite all of this, I find A Serious Man to be a positively religious work, one with deep roots in the Jewish tradition. Many scholars have labeled the film as a modern retelling of the Book of Job, in which the titular man gets repeatedly tortured by the scorns of life, and cries out to God in desperation as to why his suffering takes place. Larry does just this, seeking consultation with the Three Rabbis for a clue as to God's revelation in his life.

In a clear piece of narrative brilliance, Larry perfectly encapsulates his problem in the dream scene: "And even if you can't figure it out, you'll still be responsible for it on the midterms!" Here, the human struggle for an answer is so perfectly displayed in Stuhlbarg's frightened shout. But beyond this, is the problem ever resolved? No. And that's the point.

In one of the many poetic points in the film, Clive Park's father explains a paradox to Larry as to the nature of bribery in his country. When Larry doesn't understand, Mr. Park simply states, "Accept the mystery." I've never heard the Coens communicate their message so plainly: God does not owe Larry an explanation for his suffering. Larry is within his own piece of time, and is merely a tiny segment in the vast plane of existence. The idea that he, or any of us, can ever truly know the extent of our grounding and place in the universe is laughable, as Arthur points out while drawing up a probability chart of it. Even he cannot calculate every minor crevice of effect in his tiny notebook.

So, can one satisfactorily watch this movie? Perhaps not. Maybe it's too painful to watch Larry suffer, and be confused about his ethical standing, and wonder why he cannot be a serious man. The mystery is never solved. It has to be accepted as is, because the world is one unsolvable mystery. Nonetheless, the meaning remains so long as the mystery exists. It's a paradox that, like the dead cat, is illustrative of math none of us on earth can understand.